# # BankConnectionUpdateTaskDetails

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**bank_connection_id** | **int** | Bank connection identifier. |
**import_new_accounts** | **bool** | Whether new accounts that have not yet been imported will be imported or not. &lt;br/&gt;Default is &#39;false&#39;.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;By setting this parameter to true, we will try to get new accounts the user might have at the bank. The user will have a possibility to stop the process once he finds the accounts he is interested in have been imported. The set of newly imported accounts can be limited by using \&quot;accountTypes\&quot; parameter. | [optional] [default to false]
**account_types** | [**\OpenAPIWebForm\Client\Model\AccountType[]**](AccountType.md) | It defines the account types to be added on the bank connection. If no value is given, then all new available accounts will be imported.&lt;br/&gt;Only applied if \&quot;importNewAccounts\&quot; is set to \&quot;true\&quot; and ignored otherwise.&lt;br/&gt;This parameter refers to the same parameters of \&quot;&lt;a target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39; href&#x3D;&#39;https://docs.finapi.io/?product&#x3D;access#post-/api/v1/bankConnections/update&#39;&gt;Update a bank connection&lt;/a&gt;\&quot; and \&quot;&lt;a target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39; href&#x3D;&#39;https://docs.finapi.io/?product&#x3D;access#post-/api/v1/bankConnections/connectInterface&#39;&gt;Connect a new interface&lt;/a&gt;\&quot; services in the finAPI Access API. | [optional]
**skip_positions_download** | **bool** | Whether to skip the download of transactions and securities or not.&lt;br/&gt;This parameter refers to the same parameters of \&quot;&lt;a target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39; href&#x3D;&#39;https://docs.finapi.io/?product&#x3D;access#post-/api/v1/bankConnections/update&#39;&gt;Update a bank connection&lt;/a&gt;\&quot; and \&quot;&lt;a target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39; href&#x3D;&#39;https://docs.finapi.io/?product&#x3D;access#post-/api/v1/bankConnections/connectInterface&#39;&gt;Connect a new interface&lt;/a&gt;\&quot; services in the finAPI Access API.&lt;br/&gt;Default is &#39;false&#39;. | [optional] [default to false]
**load_owner_data** | **bool** | Whether to load information about the bank connection owner(s).&lt;br/&gt;This parameter refers to the same parameters of \&quot;&lt;a target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39; href&#x3D;&#39;https://docs.finapi.io/?product&#x3D;access#post-/api/v1/bankConnections/update&#39;&gt;Update a bank connection&lt;/a&gt;\&quot; and \&quot;&lt;a target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39; href&#x3D;&#39;https://docs.finapi.io/?product&#x3D;access#post-/api/v1/bankConnections/connectInterface&#39;&gt;Connect a new interface&lt;/a&gt;\&quot; services in the finAPI Access API.&lt;br/&gt;Default is &#39;false&#39;.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;strong&gt;NOTE:&lt;/strong&gt; This feature is supported only by the WEB_SCRAPER interface. | [optional] [default to false]
**manage_saved_settings** | [**\OpenAPIWebForm\Client\Model\ManageSavedSettings[]**](ManageSavedSettings.md) | If users have stored bank credentials or their preferred TAN procedure in finAPI, then each time it is necessary, the web form will automatically apply the saved settings. This field will force the web form to be presented. Depending on the value you provide in the API, the end-user will have the possibility to provide new credentials, decide if he wants to store the new credentials in finAPI or delete the stored TAN procedure. He might also be able to save a different TAN procedure as preference if the workflow requires it. Use this parameter, for example, if a previous update failed because of invalid credentials, or you want to allow the end-user to reset his stored TAN preference.&lt;br/&gt;Default value is &#39;null&#39;.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; &lt;code&gt;CREDENTIALS&lt;/code&gt; - the end user can edit his stored credentials;&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; &lt;code&gt;DEFAULT_TWO_STEP_PROCEDURE&lt;/code&gt; - the end user can edit his stored default two step procedure. | [optional]
**callbacks** | [**\OpenAPIWebForm\Client\Model\TaskCallbacks**](TaskCallbacks.md) |  | [optional]
**profile_id** | **string** | The profile to be applied to the web form.&lt;br/&gt;This will overwrite the default profile, if such a profile exists. | [optional]
**redirect_url** | **string** | The URL where the end-user will be redirected to after completing the bank login and (possibly) the SCA on the bank&#39;s website. Must always be provided by mandators with &lt;code&gt;FULLY_LICENSED&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;AISP&lt;/code&gt; license type, and may not be provided by mandators with other license types. | [optional]
**user_metadata** | [**\OpenAPIWebForm\Client\Model\UserMetadata**](UserMetadata.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
